wiggle:add page (#11494)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/wiggle.md

# wiggle

> > Wiggle is a patch application tool resolving conflicts in patches that `patch` cannot handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A patch application tool resolving conflicts in patches that `patch` cannot handle.
```

> Note: Wiggle forcefully applies all changes, merging when conflicts arise, and reporting unresolvable issues.
> More information: <https://www.unix.com/man-page/suse/1/wiggle/>.

- Apply changes from the patch file to the original file:

`wiggle {{path/to/my_patch.patch}}`

> - Apply changes to an [o]utput file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply changes to the [o]utput file:
```

`wiggle {{path/to/my_patch.patch}} -o {{path/to/output_file.txt}}`

> - Take any changes in file.rej that patch could not apply, and merge them into file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Take any changes in `file.rej` that could not have been applied and merge them into a file:
```

`wiggle --replace {{path/to/file}} {{path/to/file.rej}}`

> - E[x]tract one branch of patch or merge file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- E[x]tract one branch of a patch or merge file:
```

`wiggle -x {{path/to/my_patch.patch}}`

> - Apply patch and the compared [words] are saved to an [o]utput file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply a patch and save the compared words to the [o]utput file:
```

`wiggle --words {{path/to/my_word_patch.patch}} -o {{path/to/word_patched_code.c}}`

> - Get [help] about the [merge] function of wiggle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help about the merge function:
```
